# Respondus LockDown Browser recipes
Forked from [aysiu-recipes](https://github.com/autopkg/aysiu-recipes). This is their new home. Note recipe names have changed slightly. Munki recipes not included.

LockDown Browser recipes will not work out of the box. You need to supply your own institution ID and lab hash (for lab recipes). Generally recommended to use a [recipe override](https://github.com/autopkg/autopkg/wiki/Recipe-Overrides) with those values defined. Keep them secret as they are specific to your organization.

The package recipes use install recipes as parents because part of LockDown's configuration occurs in a postinstall script which specifically references the name of the package. The institution ID and hash are referenced directly in the package name, and the package name can't be changed for the postinstall script to succeed. Yay. Keep in mind running the package recipes also inherently installs LockDown Browser to the Applications folder. It is not cleaned up post-install. If you want that behavior to change please open a PR.

Due to "security" changes Respondus made to the lab download (randomized URL changed every 15 minutes), only the student (non-lab) recipe remains available to download. The only significant difference is the name of the package to include the lab hash which in turn generates a lab.txt plain text file within the app bundle. The updated lab recipe uses the student download and copies the lab has value to the package name before installing. They are otherwise the same package. No, Respondus has not provided a reason as to why they believe this is a reasonable practice. An alternate recipe is provided by Zack T [here](https://github.com/autopkg/MLBZ521-recipes/blob/master/Respondus%20Lockdown%20Browser/RespondusLockDownBrowserLabEdition.pkg.recipe) which wraps the original package along with a postinstall script to achieve the same end result. His version eliminiates the install package.